Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and no
that it would come true I wish that God would give us strength to know just what
to do then we could tear down the fences that fence us
all fences created by such evil men then we could
tear down the vences that fence using maybe we could walk together again
[Music]
lady Babylon this is satanic initiation and tonight I want to bring
you to the place of the hexad I want to shatter that
reality that is the fairy tale around us and I want you to see into the
eclipse tonight on lady
[Music]
Babylon tonight before we cleanse the place I want to do something special I
want to bring to you just a little bit of the past the past that will show us
the present and the future is one entity these are three sides of the triangle
I'm going to take us to the Crossways tonight tonight we're gonna go into that
Eclipse we're gonna see with the eyes of our kilus we're gonna
watch as Zeus covers that Sun's power and through the
moon brings us those moments of darkness
when the kingdom of darkness has its sway welcome to Lady babylon's Friday
the 13th edition what I'm going to do right off the bat before we grab the
sulur and cleanse this place is I want to bring to you Chuck Chuck B
Chuck has written something for us you say well of course he did he's a
prolific author no no that's not what I'm talking about Charles bodair has
written something for us you see tonight it comes off the
page let's go Chuck I'm going to read to you from the
Oxford world's Classics Charles bodair the flowers of evil a new
translation yes
fantastic just for you just for you the congregation it was just for you you're
gonna you're gonna thank me for it don't worries just just connections that's all
midnight examination the clock Chimes the midnight in and ironically gives us the
charge to remember the fleeting day what usage we made of our
time today that fiful day Friday the
13th we have in spite of all that we know behaved like a
heretic we have blasphemed Jesus the most Inc contestable of all
gods Like A Parasite at the Feast of some monstrous
proplate we have to please The Brute that worthy vassel of Hell insulted what
we love and flattered the one we
scorn vile torturer welcome welcome welcome to the
Friday the 13th tonight I want to bring you to the hexad so in order to do that
we have to cleanse this Temple and we have to summon the spirits of the
dead please take us to the hexad
chewy [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Music]
h [Music]
and just how do we go about finding this
hexad how do we walk the steps how do we follow the
way in order to get there together tonight we have to first
first partake of the Blessed communion the Blessed communion shall we
get there how are we going to get there is everybody ready I am G to show you a text in in just a second this first text
that I'm going to show you is a text that 10 years ago I had to fight anybody
on the planet to read and understand it's a text about drugs it's several it's
several about drugs and about the communion and about the wine of
bacus and I remember I remember this is so important
because the whole idea 10 years ago of the
communion being a compound drug people were
laughing yes they were somebody came to me an author came to me and I consulted
with them and there you have it I want you to see it tonight I want
you to see the communion let's pull it up should we let's go to the first star
chart yep pull that up people look at this
inas glucon poon you know what the guy started speaking I'm translating the guy
started speaking he was totally in in awe right he's in awe at this sweet
sweet sweet potion that he's drinking so much so the next line down he
starts he starts Hallelujah he's screaming Hallelujah are
you screaming Hallelujah you ever had a drink that made you scream Hallelujah you probably haven't been to
the mystery yet if you haven't if you
haven't he screams Hallelujah and what it comes out out of his mouth this
song this agrarian song This earthy nature
song okay let's give me some more of that waiter can I have another one of what he's having please thank you a
gromi all righto excuse me who are these guys the arono well these are the
farmers these are the guys who are out in the countryside right what are they doing they're very greedily filling up
they're cops why look at that second line people in Greek look at that second word in E son right from
B oh my goodness they're causing their frenos their minds to be what to be
Bic how are they doing it with this mind with shattering
wine with this mind shattering wine this wine that's going to make you lose your
mind have you been to communion my brothers and sisters have you been to
communion somebody wrote in and they said I wish you could know about the
Peace of Jesus Christ and what it is to be filled with the spirit and I I
thought my brother or sister yeah I forget which one it was no
my brother or sister I thought to myself I thought I know EX exactly what you're
talking about exactly and with that power of Christ I brought people to
Salvation I changed lives I watched people get up off of the very bottom and
try to get back on their way up through the power and love of Jesus Christ the
son of God I witnessed that I lived
it
it's still does not erase the scientific
historical fact that Jesus Christ was arrested in a public park with a naked
boy at 4 a.m. you can't wipe that out of
History he is still there there and I'm telling you my brothers and sisters in
Christ I am telling you I am a man of faith I am a man washed in the blood of
Christ and I am telling you he was arrested in a public park with a naked
boy let's go we're getting we're getting the cup people we're getting the cup
let's get to the next Source chewy watch this people oh my God in this chorus of
these people come down now what are they they're driven lashed dead on
Minos they're lashed by this murderous and there's the look at the last word in
the first line oy with the oyas the Mania the purple guess who
showed up yay it's the lightning we're all here now welcome back
everybody get up and start dancing you can take it off now if you want throw on
your leopard skin off we go off we go somebody somebody give me that next what
is that text yeah what here look at this wait go back to the first one chewy we didn't finish our job here did we no but
they ran upon look they and what does this group of people do they run up on this guy named
acarius and what's in their mind we are
say what is that Lissa is the goddess of
Madness if you don't know Lissa you haven't been anywhere yet you
think your filling of the spirit was something
seriously I'll show you how to raise up snakes I'll show you how to drink
poisons that won't kill you right I am the Christ
on the 13th isn't that nice the antidote for the
dot fantastic give me that last one what's happened so look at this one line
of Greek people and now remember 10 years ago all kinds of people told me
and told other people and flushed me out o of Academia because I was saying they
were using drugs in the ancient world right not just medical drugs but drugs
related to the religions yeah and people said no no no we will
not live in that world yes and I said come here
you do you feel that that should get you all the way back to St Andrews that's
where that should take you sorry there should be no spanking there should be make a note of
that chewy um let's go to the next I'm sorry but it feels so good look the what
is somebody's gonna drink this stuff somebody's gonna drink this stuff
and what's gonna happen they're gonna drink this run this flowing of this
wonderful wine this amazing wine that does
what oo um that's a combination of
mind and Awakening it literally says Awakening the Mind
look at how fast look at how fast incredibly powerful the ancient
Greek is do you think you're GNA find a word like this in Aramaic no you think you're G to find it Hebrew no you will
not do you think you're GNA find it in any of the italic italic languages how
about oskan no umin no no no no no
no how about those samarians
no it's Friday the 13th yes let's find where's that JY
where is that whipping bring in the whipping boys bring it yes over here
guys let's go March two three four bring them out bring us the next bring us the
next one bring us the next one in look at this this is the Awakening I'm about to give you the Awakening
oh you're G to love it this is why Jesus is walking around grabbing children's
hands bringing them back to life where are the drugs Jesus where are
the drugs show us the next one here where's bring in Whipping Boy grab me the drugs grab me the drugs look at this
people it's Greek be civilized about this and what is this this is
Genesis 2 verse 1 now we're going to read the actual
version tonight you've never seen this let me bring in The Whipping
Boy of Not So Sophisticated linguistic
Savvy and let's see what we can make of this Greek I want you to see the real text for the first time I want you to
see it right okay let's start let's go to the I want to start with the Hebrew
because you you and I are swimming backwards in time tonight yes the next one tonight we're swimming backwards
okay now we're at the 10th Century 10th Century ad all you guys get off get off the bus get off the bus step out for a
minute don't worry bus will wait for us it's a little vacation I used to take these when I was living on kibutz in
Israel kibot Israel in the northern kind of just the north side of the West Bank
yeah and I got off one night to the howitzers that the Israelis pulled up
they pulled up these howitzers because the Lebanon had been shooting rockets at
us it was not nice they killed somebody in the city that where I got Falafel every day for lunch it was it was most
inconsiderate was tragic right for a family it was
tragic yeah but we would go on vacations we
would go on vacations and that's what we have to do here this is a break we've
had the communion we've had that wine that's driving us out of our wits as
initiates and now let's go through the 10th Century mastic text because you
guys are all lovers of the English translations go to the mastic text blow it up for me Chewy blow it up for me
look um this is verse two and I just want you to take a you know just a cursory look at the in at the English um
so something was finished and they have heavens and they have Earth yeah right
right right um the erots baby the erots
you know what I mean the erots they got the erots BL and what about that sh what
what is it sh has shamim is that what that is yes it's been a while since I've
pulled out my Hebrew but um okay we got the heavens and we got you know this
kind of uh Army thing going on there huh
okay what did the King James do with this Hebrew King James where is
that so you know what I mean k King James next one King James here it is
here it is oh thank you King James thus the heavens and the Earth were finished and all the host of them all the host of
them okay is that what the Greek says no it's not it's not now watch this this is
what I'm bringing you tonight I'm bringing you a sacrifice this is a piece of the past that has shaped your present
but your future will no longer be affected by it because you will cut
through this fragment this Appropriations event cultures are doing
this in Antiquity they're appropriating things right for their own
uses and the septu agent was appropriated to the use of a people who
used it to establish a text because they had no established text by the time that
the mazeres are worried about this you had two 2,000 years of established
text on the Greek side why why people Watch What Happens Watch What Happens
I'm gonna show you the Greek one more time and then I'm going to show you I'm going to translate it for you are you
ready Cosmos Alon Alon so your sky and your Earth or
uranos and Guy Gaia or gay right and
what are they doing what are they doing they're sooning they're soon toing what does
that mean on um we'll see okay we'll see and what about the whole Cosmos I didn't
hear a cosmos in the King James translation what's the cosmos how did
that get in there okay let's go see right now for the first first time what
this is saying go to the next one the next one uh
yep yeah here's our verb what does it mean
to do this thing next one um well look it comes from tto Toto right and here
are all the meanings for Toto for to to finish right to finish look down here to
fulfill right to bring in completion people I just want to sit for a minute I
want you to look at this thing and I want you to notice all of all of this
blue does everybody see all of that blue do you know what those are those are
texts those are other Greeks who are writing before anybody else has even
thought about genres of literature uhhuh yeah yeah very very
very look at these sources do you see all of these blue things are sources
look at how big the Greek the ancient Greek
linguistic umph is look at how big it is this is the first page for this one verb
that is the core of the verb that you and I are looking at my God is it complex or what watch
watch how the Hebrews unable to capture it and I'll show you a linguistic trick
that shows that the Hebrew is actually an attempt to back translate the
Greek oh fantastic fantastic let's go to the
next one uhhuh next one wherever we yep yep here is the verb in Hebrew are you
ready yeah Kal right to what to be complete to
be at an end to be finished to be accomplished or to be spent to be spent
okay to be finished or accomplished now um how did the how where were we in the
translation because that's pretty simple to be finished or completed I get that there's no complexity I feel good the
raft is not moving but look there's a wave coming up where was that second one and that verb Toto
guess what it's got a whole another page of meanings on it it's got a whole another page of meanings on it look at
these people look at these people to bring to an end to finish right to come to an end to
fulfill right to pay what one owes okay wait a minute it's drifting a
little bit it's drifting a little bit let's see how the movement of the word goes through time this is the history of
this word people this is a history of a highly complex great concept give me the
next one watch this you're going to love this look at halfway look at oh look at
to initiate in the Mysteries wait a minute you mean this word leave it up
this word is part of is used for initiating into the Mysteries
yes yes it is does it fit the context of Genesis why yes it fits it
perfectly fantastic the Greek mind behind the Bible and you have to realize
what I am telling you tonight let it be announced let it be announced and by the way speaking of announcements I'll be on
a radio program on the East Coast um in New York
WABC um the Frank Morano show this Sunday so um on that
program I would love to be able to show people
to to just very very vividly demonstrate to people how their Bible their God
their religion is based upon something entirely different than what they think
it is did you see that word to initiate it's also used in magic you
know what you can do when you make something tellos in Magic and when I say magic magic I mean the stuff Moses and
Jesus were both heavily using magic what can you do what can you
do with this magic you can endow things you can make them complete did you know
you could endow something with a spirit with a Dione did you know you can
energize something it's all Quantum you can do it fantastic you know
what a good time to do all that stuff is when you're at the
crossroads yeah you look in the three ways let's get to the hexad I love this
okay people hold on buckle up get back in the bus we we're leaving the 10th Century um I don't know maybe we should
beat it up a little bit more the 10th Century go ahead hit that one too oh look it's just more me people it's just
a ton of more meaning that I just cannot keep pouring this into your brain right
keep going next one um that the toan to finish something right now what about
this Cosmos there was a cosmos in this verse that the that the King James
missed because the King James relied on that 10th Century um Hebrew um Matic
text right which we're going to show in just a second is a translation of the
Greek it's so cute the way this work out it's like dude this is irrefutable this
is irrefutable put me into a room with um some of the leading uh linguists some
of the leading philologists and Semitic studies people and let me show them this
please please let me show them this okay tonight you get to preview it right this
is before we go to trial right you and I are just by the way um shout out to
everybody in the gallery tonight who's been Faithfully watching and who's had lots of great
input and anything you want to say um say it you know what I mean um love it
hail Satan guys give me some hail satans in that thing right okay here we go
let's get back to it okay call us up the next text please
we're looking at Cosmos we didn't see it how do they translate Cosmos um into
SAA right Saba which is like an army war or Warfare okay I see how those are
combined together Saba sounds pretty straightforward doesn't it is that what
a cosmos is my go that is not even the furthest thing from a cosmos but I'll
show you why they use this word okay just keep this word in mind as an army
for Cosmos what does the Greeks say what does the Greeks
say NOP uh there we go um blow that up you
you're good you're good back back blow it up thank you chewy order order what
is cosmos order order how about number two good order good behavior form or fashion oh interesting
form or fashion I kind of see look who's under form and fashion oh God I want to
I just want to nuzzle up close to this to this gorgeous gorgeous entry look at
number three form or fashion they give you parities right oh God you're gonna see
how this word transforms over time give you the next page because there's more Cosmos out there what else is Cosmos
what else is Cosmos look at this one look at this one honor or
credit yeah yeah ruler ruler a
regulator ruler a regulator why well it's all about order it's all about
order and look at number four World Order everybody today is talking about
World Order what's a world order it's gonna be one world
order they don't realize they're talking about Cosmos but they do and this
doesn't exist if there's another one give me the other one I want to see that one too um and this doesn't
exist yeah yep no that oh yeah leave it up for a second and this doesn't exist in the
world of the Hebrew right this this one concept Cosmos has a history that's a
thousand years older than this uh Hebrew text that is
supposedly translated in the 3 Century right but which we know is is
originally a Greek text which was then later back translated it's why the guys like take it down and then put it back
in second it's why the guys with the fragments um they're always finding
Greek with them right it wasn't Hebrew that they were translating to Greek right they didn't need to do that the
Greek was already there it was Greek that they had tried to translate into
Hebrew and when they did they made all sorts of mistakes what kind of mistakes
you say are the evidence that we can trace those mistakes are the technical
mistakes it's like a fingerprint they left their own fingerprint on the text
as they back translated them this is fantastic you're gon to love this keep
go to the next one so um look at this Cosmos here it's a microcosm okay
inhabited world look at the number five it's the Pythagorean name
for the hexad cosmos is the Pythagorean name for
the hexad and what you say you ask is
that um how could we possibly bring that to you let me
just suck up real close here mentally let me just suck right up to Pythagoras
through some of his students and just kind of pull that hexad back in pull
that hex ad back in it's an invisible letter did you know the hex ad is an
invisible letter oh isn't that neat you already
know you already have have a knowledge of the names right now listen to this
listen to this they are also um they also called it the hexad the hurler of
missiles presider over the crossroads and measurer of time in
twos hurler of missiles from it being generated by the Triad which of course
the hexad is generated by the Triad of us take math I hope so not this kind
though see we didn't have the good stuff we had that basic ID right this is a little bit more
complex This Is The Stuff the the people who are figuring out A2 plus b^2 equals
c squ those nerds this is their stuff and by the way a shout out to Robin
Waterfield right um for this translation because this is highly technical Greek
um Robin had to know a ton of mathematics to be able to write this to
be able to translate this n nice job doc Waterfield that's uh yeah a light in the
midst of a generation that is dark um fantastic presiding over the crossroads
perhaps from the nature of the Goddess that is
hecy with that moon coming in between the
sun you know and its capacity of shedding
light right whenever the eclipse takes place the moon and the sun are in combat
with each other and we on the Earth are the ones who suffer the
switch we suffer the switch don't be surprised if the Dolphins if the Dolphins come up and
live in the forest and all of those predators that live in the mountains
don't be surprised if they go live in the waters nothing could be less natural
than this switch but it's a reality of quantum physics apparently um according to the
Magi at least so the event remember the event tomorrow and events like it
they're more like waypoints they're for a voice for a
sentient voice that sings existence they are like
waypoints we don't get lost because of them and the oracles find these
waypoints and they then use them right and so it's guiding us it's guiding us
let me just finish this with the hexad um Pro uh and each moment movement is
twofold being bounded on on both sides by boundaries right the hexad is the
first to acquire the three movements of the
dimensions these nerds I tell you soon as they start this I'm like whatever um
yeah what is it mostly since what is the hex said give
me the heart of what it is Pythagoras just spill it to me you know your math is blowing my mind it's just you know
whatever um since there are seven Celestial
movements okay those are the vowels I know that if we're talking about the singing Oracle okay I'm with you so far
since there are seven Celestial movements apart from the movement of the fixed Stars which is eighth but
complex and since by their hurdling they produce the same number of notes than
their intervals on and as it were means are necessarily six you mean the cosmos
the organization of everything that is is under the control of the
hexad yeah yeah
interesting interesting that's quite a crazy
arithmetic conclusion that you people have come to who are sitting there
telling us about the future and operating this Bronze Age religion that
ultimately would produce Judaism and Christianity and Islam from it my
brothers and sisters in Christ or in Moses or in
Allah I have news for you your gods are
all the gods of the pagans of the Bronze Age
age your ancestors worshiped bakus and Aphrodite
let me say that one more time let me say that one more time my brothers and
sisters who are Jews Muslims and Christians our
ancestors worshiped dionis and
Aphrodite long long long before your
Gods ever showed up oh fantastic fantastic Can You Feel It In
near air it's the only Power that permeates every every sort of belief can
be penetrated by this it's the power of love baby it's power of
Aeros yeah it's the stuff that they don't want you to know the text is bringing you but it's bringing you and
here we go are you ready let's go back to the let's go back to our text we got to keep walking I don't want to keep
people long this is the night before you know so yeah give me um let's go to
uranos yeah what else is in the picture here that we have to translate uranos right this is the sky the sky translated
very simply is the sky what is uranos show me show me look at uranos right the
Vault the vault right okay look again people look at the look at the thickness of the Greek and
look at all of these sources right in communion Lang in common language excuse me it's the
sky okay Pythagorean name of 10 10 the decad O now I understand do
you know what the decad is well how are you going to figure out what the hexad is if you don't know what the dead is
the de nead comes after the NAD and the NAD is the number of un is the
arithmetic number of universal completion and
Perfection oh my are you kidding me is there this much meaning in these words yes are you
surprised at all that the Hebrew has just a just a just a little Dy and again
this is classical Hebrew modern Hebrew is thriving and has has taken its it
roots of vocab through the roof right and they'll continue to do so because that's what living languages do
unfortunately Hebrew died Hebrew died and the only thing we had were the Greek
sources you know what we should do we should write a letter that says hey this
thing was trans was originally a Hebrew text that was translated nobody believes that you did they didn't pull that over
on the Greeks or the Romans they knew that that was BS right propaganda is important
propaganda is important please people let me just take you to megido I know
I'm taking too long tonight but let me take you to megiddo and in this place where
Armageddon is doomed to happen in this place as you
dig down underneath all of the G garbage toll
stations that have sprung up in this godforsaken
place right because it's on a major trade rout figures that's where the end
would be where all you humans with your greed as the Watchers say your greed
they talk about it like it's our terminal disease or something any who um
megido when you dig down underneath all that stuff you know what we found and yeah I'll say we found because I was
there digging we found a Canaanite Temple we found that Temple when you are
standing in the eclipse when you are in that moment when
via the moon's power right via the moon's power you're
able to access those three roads and you say wait a minute isn't this a solar
event of course it is yes um do you know that the sun and the
moon and the stars that they are all connected yeah you might say with
gravitational forces or something along those lines but there is a Quantum link
there do you know how they're able to date events of the future
from 3,000 years ago with the Stars
right so here's what we're doing in the midst of that
eclipse in the midst of that time that is when we have the date set
for a switch and that switch kicks in and it kicks these new powers in with it
let's go to the next text who is uranos look at this people uranos he's the son
of arabus and Gaia wait a minute but then what's it say on the next part line but husband of
Gaia where's that where is that guy Paul where's that guy Paul Paul you think
you're so smart you think you're so s people Paul the Apostle Paul the Apostle
um Paul you thought you were quite a quite a smart guy right Paul with your letter to the col Colossians you thought
you were cuz you buried in there Paul you buried in there some meat didn't you didn't you Paul please please give us an
explanation of this Jesus Christ Paul please but give it to us Paul in a way
that only the Frans would understand Paul because these are the
Colossians yeah I want some frian Roots here Paul are you ready for this go to
the get that one yeah here is what here is what uranos comes
from oros when you take the number six when
you take the hexad and you bring the hexad
back what do you get what do you get you get that limit you get that limit you
find that Cosmic limit give me the
next he is that thing which is the boundary he's the boundary uranos is the
boundary what set the boundary leave it up for a second should we what set the
boundary Gaia did Gia did when she entered into
Union with uranos remember this is the magic book
say as the author of Genesis this is the magic book of the
generation of uranos and GA that's why we're all here right it's what we're all
here to see and what is this what about Gaia where did she come from Gaia has no
father she has no mother she does not come from from a nymph she does not come
from no Gia comes from water and all of a sudden those of you
who are sitting on your Islands worshiping Aphrodite perk up say
yep yep I get it I understand the transformation I understand the
castration and why it's a necessary event why must you hobble
I'm back oh that was painful let's not do that again why must you hobble the
sun imagine that imagine that the
great the great three ways of traffic in the
cosmos do you hear how I just Ed Cosmos I used it like they used it not like we
use it so what you can see is the Hebrew wasn't able to capture Cosmos it used
the word for Army it used the word for Army now let's catch them do you know
why they use the word for Army if you scan that definition of Cosmos you'll
find that it can be used to station
troops so the people who translated from
the Greek assumed oh well this is the way that they're using it and then they
translated it that way they they reached for the one thing in Hebrew that they
could find to kind of bridge that Gap and they did but it's just the word for
Army and it has nothing to do with the book of The Magic generation of uranos
andaya yeah not only that but that word not
only that but that word for to finish the teet root that word Teo it's a
compound it's soon Teo in other words it
is now a degree more advanced technically it is that much more highly
specific so the Hebrew greet for the very base and wasn't able to capture the
prefix why they don't have the vocabulary people they just didn't have the vocabulary it's just the development of the language how much time they had
and what the influences were the Greeks are sitting around these islands baby have you been to the Palaces from the
Myans man they had a good and they developed a very
sophisticated language for writing and for composing and for bringing things to
life like drama they were the ones doing this and they did it through bacas they did it
through bakas do you know people I want to show you on the night before the eclipse on this Friday the
13th thank you Universe thank you for
this organization for this Cosmos that we can bring this Bak
reality to life if you are Jewish
religiously right because most of the people that I worked with in Israel were like
no right they're concerned about democracy you know that's what they were concerned about surviving and a lot of
them didn't want didn't want to be doing what they were doing or thought their career could go this way or that way you
know they didn't care about the religion but for the people who do I want to reach out to you and say your religions
are all bakic they're all based in bakic worship and this is a
drunken um enthusiastic maniacal mystery that initiates you into
death into rebirth that brings you why does it do all that for the same reason that Moses
built that Temple that Tabernacle excuse me that tent in the
wilderness so that God could speak to him
directly isn't that nice he made a a locality a testerian
so that this God that we've just been reading about could communicate this is
the one that messed up the garden right he could communicate through the
magic with the power of the cosmos
this is the magic book of the generation of uranos and GA let's go on
Chey let's go on we need to finish on somber note um yeah just uh how about
that one yeah I want to bring up because Paul was here I was expecting this Paul um
yep assum in position he got he knows Paul knows he goes right away assum in
position buddy you know how it is give me this
H yeah what did you tell me that Paul what' you tell me there who is the
acon who is the acon the image the reflection that is a reflection pie
people it's not an image like you would see carved this is a reflection did you know
the Greeks differentiated between the image that is the image and the image that is the reflection we call them both
images yeah yeah but this acor is the
reflection this is who who's Jesus tell me for you and I I I have such a burden
for those of you who are Evangelical and who were under who are under that
slavery of greed that is Christianity it is a slavery a Perpetual
slavery to greed because and you you guys know if you didn't have you know
we're talking about Jesus Christ who was arrested in a public park with a naked boy if he didn't promise you ionic life
because he didn't promise you eternal life he promised you ionic life look at look it up if he hadn't promised you
that would you have followed him you got to ask yourself that it's the same question the devil did you hear the
devil I heard the de Chey the devil came it's the same question the devil
asked job only honors you because you give him things so this
genius who destroyed the garden situation cuz he couldn't see that
Lucifer the hottest creature ever I might add would screw
things up with Eve in the garden he didn't see that coming so he messed up the whole thing he messed up the whole
thing that guy comes along and he's giving us this system bring back up Paul
he's giving us this system to work with Jesus is the image of
God who of the who the the one who is unseen wait a minute you mean
fannies okay all of you have had little bit of the Greek and you've been looking at the sources this is the Unseen one
this is coming from the waters coming from the waters do you feel Genesis now
you should you should be start to begin to understand the Genesis we sent this
stuff here eons ago right it should be taking
effect right about now watch this he's the protos that
first born of all of that which is
produced everything that is the material
reality he is that first born now for those of you who are
orics you hear that it makes perfect sense because this is who the orphics worship from the beginning this
invisible God this unseen God and Jesus
is that firstborn from that
entity the cosmos you're looking at the mystery of the cosmos in the face why is
uros both the son and husband of Gaia
ready Paul Paul can you give us this one Paul come on come on Paul wake
up because in friia when you're dealing with the worshippers of cile you're dealing with
the son who is also a lover yes when Jesus was arrested in the
public park with a naked boy there's a reason for it a very strong long
historical reason for it so I would end with saying for those of you who are
praying for me whether it be for my destruction which I've gotten some of
those those are always entertaining um or whether it be for um my blessing my
blessing I would ask you all just to do one
thing tell me what's he doing with the naked kid I don't like fairy tales and
I'm tired of the lies I want the garden back and I want the gods who won't mess things up I want
Lady Babylon the Dolphins must come to the
mountains and the beasts who hunt in the forest they have to return to the water
in order for us to switch the poles
thank you for tonight and may we together see this new
world this reality hail
Satan that F us all in fences created by such evil men then
we could tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again just maybe we could walk
together [Music] again